what's up everyone the 786 10 today we
have a special video where we're showing
off a new planet that have made for my
videos anyways you guys have noticed
I've had two different playmats worth
having a logo on them from my videos
like openings all kinds other videos
like that and so today we're going to
nville a new planet that just received
in the mail today and here it is there
we go it's my new Cybernet play mat
hopefully guys like I designed it myself
had some help though with the new
drawing because I can't draw to save my
life and yeah that's really the only
thing and of course I did not print this
play many know some people think before
that I can print closed implements I
can't I'm gonna look into it some time
but I don't have those stuff to do it
but anyway the ones that did print it
let's go ahead and give them their shout
out and hopefully I'm pressin try is
eroll calm I think it's how you
pronounced link in description I think
it was like thirty three dollars for the
plane I think I'm shipping everything
it's like thirty dollars for a mat if
you already have the design and
everything all together the right size
requirements and you go by all that
different stuff then you just upload it
to them and then they just instantly
print for 30 i believe if you want them
to customize and everything for you then
it costs like almost double or so also
the one that drew my new version of the
avatar like drawing version of me and
that is a flap announced their username
right as well is base motto which is
there from debian art i'll have a link
to them as well if you want them to make
a drawing of you like this it's really
cool looking i'll zoom in on it though
here in a little bit also we have a sub
radost logo do you guys can see we have
a phantom King had read a lot of people
think that that's like a vanguard card
or something no it's actually a yugioh
card it just having a printed over here
yet it's a really cool one it's a Tuner
monster and its effect is that whenever
it's synchro summon it can be synchro
with other tuners and they're counted as
non-tuner monsters so yeah it's a really
cool card hopefully we'll get printed
sometime soon over here it's it's a
beast of a car and then also of course
alumini i like them because they kind of
resemble my logo more than some of the
other cards although there are a few
different cars that would be a great
choice I've was tinted even make a
trinity one but i really like these two
cards also you can kind of see them you
know because this is
my youtube background as well where
they're also on that if you haven't
noticed before and you can kind of see
them in the background of that also have
my banner and you have these circles
around it i think they kind of you know
make it look a little cooler I don't
like the kind of coming out of the mat a
little better and then of course my
drawing which myself of course I didn't
draw remember I can't draw to save my
life and let's see we can kind of there
we go I we have the oldest that I found
online I think it was one for luck on
the games they recolored it for me and
then of course I have a logo on the Hat
which I'm going to get one of those
eventually I'm going to get a hat with
my logo and addie gazer I know that's
kind of on those weird things I know
probably get called Garrity for it but I
really want it to look more current I
wanted to kind of show that you know the
series has moved on a little bit and I
don't know just kind of that way I've
know what era this Matt was kind of made
on so yeah I just thought was kind of a
neat thing you know it's like built into
the glasses kind of it looks really cool
i think the athletes in what you guys
think of course this is all film too
with a new camera whoa don't zoom in
zoom out there we go so I'm trying to
get used to the new cameras you probably
tell it's really asked to tell me if you
enjoyed the picture quality of it I
think it will do a lot better for
openings I know we had a few complaints
with opening videos on like how
sometimes they went and focus right this
camera seems to do way more I'm focusing
it's just improved greatly from what I
can tell so hopefully well if you
opening so sometimes soon to test it out
of course and a use money playmat see I
anyway thanks for watching you guys and
like I said please tell my course in the
comments and I'll have all the stuff in
the description if you wanna make your
own play mat I am might and end up maybe
designing playmats your people i don't
know i'm gonna have to look into it
because i actually you know of course
designed it all put the pictures
together and made it into the map so i
might be able to sign Mets for people i
don't know if i would plan to do that or
not but yeah just 10 what you guys think
perhaps yeah or also if you have a video
of some other mess you've made as well
please show them their one else i'm sure
everyone will love to see them because
there are a lot of really creative maps
have seen out there anyway thanks for
watching guys and hopefully you will
enjoy this mat and it will be awesome
for future videos later
thanks for watching my latest video be
sure to subscribe before you leave and
also be sure to leave a comment and rate
this video breathing as well perhaps
yeah thanks for watching guys later